.. _reverse-proxy:

Reverse Proxy
=============

The purpose of a reverse proxy (or frontend web server) is to provide a single
point of entry for one or more services from outside the network. The reverse
proxy receives all requests from the clients and forwards them to the Axon Ivy
Engine which handles them. This allows integrating the processes and
applications that you are running on an |ivy-engine| into a company or web
portal. The use of a reverse proxy provides higher security. You have to keep
the reverse proxy up-to-date at any time with the latest security updates
because this is also the entry point for attackers. In addition, we recommend
that you block access to critical resources such as the Engine Cockpit.

We strongly recommend running a productive |ivy-engine| behind a reverse
proxy. You should :ref:`terminate the SSL traffic (HTTPS) <reverse-proxy-terminate-ssl>`
on the reverse proxy and let the reverse proxy communicate with the |ivy-engine|
via plain HTTP.

|

.. graphviz:: overview.dot

|

We have described how to integrate the Axon Ivy Engine with the following
reverse proxy servers:

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1

    nginx/index
    apache-httpd/index
    microsoft-iis/index

Read carefully how to improve security by :ref:`restricting the access
<reverse-proxy-secure>` to an Axon Ivy Engine when using a reverse proxy. Some
reverse proxy servers provide :ref:`Single Sign-on (SSO) <single-sign-on>`
functionality. The reverse proxy then is responsible to authenticate users.

The Engine Cockpit provides the :ref:`web server view <engine-cockpit-web-server>`
for debugging purposes while integrating a reverse proxy. 

|


.. rubric:: Base URL

Besides the setup of the reverse proxy itself, you always need to configure the
base URL in :ref:`ivy.yaml <ivy-yaml>`. The Axon Ivy Engine will use this
configuration to create absolute links that are accessible to clients (e.g., for
links in :ref:`task mails <email-notifications>`).

   .. code:: yaml

      # sample ivy.yaml that configures the base URL for clients.
      # https://acme.com will be the absolute URL prefix for links generated by Axon Ivy Engine.
      BaseUrl: https://acme.com


.. rubric:: Host Header

To successfully integrate a reverse proxy with the |ivy-engine| you need to pass the host
which the client itself initally has requested, so that the |ivy-engine| can
generate correct URLs based on the request. All documented examples
preserving this host header, but if you integrate the |ivy-engine| with any other
reverse proxy you need to pass the host header to the |ivy-engine|.


.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1
    :hidden:

    secure-setup/index
